Mankind must put an end to war or war will put an end to mankind - John F. Kennedy
War is fought by human beings. - Carl von Clausewitz
War is something absurd, useless, that nothing can justify. - Louis de Cazenave
Every gun that is made, every warship launched, every rocket fired, signifies, in the final sense, a theft from those who   hunger and are not fed... - Dwight D. Eisenhower
War cannot be a necessary evil, because non-violence is a necessary good. - John Lewis
As long as war is regarded as wicked, it will always have its  fascination. - Oscar Wilde
Only the dead have seen the end of the war. (Plato)
In war, truth is the first casualty. (Aeschylus)
War is sweet to those who have never experienced it. (Pindar)
War spares not the brave but the cowardly. (Anacreon)
To lead untrained people to war is to throw them away. (Confucius)
Laws are silent in times of war. (Cicero)
War gives the right of the conquerors to impose any conditions they please upon the vanquished. (Gaius Julius Caesar)
The true contempt of an invader is shown by deeds of valour in the field. (Hermocrates of Syracuse)
In peace, sons bury their fathers; in war, fathers bury their sons. (Herodotus)
A wise man in times of peace prepares for war. (Horace)
The man who runs away will fight again. (Menander)
A small country cannot contend with a great; the few cannot contend with the many; the weak cannot contend with the strong. (Mencius)
To blunder twice is not allowed in war. (Latin proverbs)
I am more afraid of our own mistakes than of our enemies'designs. (Pericles)
He conquers who endures. (Persius)
An alliance with the powerful is never to be trusted. (Fedrus)
A good general not only sees the way to victory, he also knows when victory is impossible. (Polybius)
Pardon one offence and you encourage the commission of many. (Publilius Syrus)
The cruelty of war makes for peace. (Publius Statius)
Wars are the dread of mothers. (Horace)
The fortunes of war are always doubtful. (Seneca)
The blade itself incites to violence. (Homer)
Arms keep peace. (Latin proverbs)
All warfare is based on deception. (Sun Tzu)
He who knows when he can fight and when he cannot will be victorious. (Sun Tzu)
In war, numbers alone confer no advantage. Do not advance relying on sheer military power. (Sun Tzu)
Now in place of the young men urns and ashes are carried home to houses of the fighters. (Aeschylus).
Beware lest in your anxiety to avoid war you obtain a master. (Demosthenes.)
A sword is never a killer, it's a tool in the killer's hands. (Seneca)
