*WEAPONS*
Míssil Pequeno
Produces a low impact explosion

Míssil Médio
Low yield, small area explosion

Míssil Grande
Medium yield, medium area explosion

Small Nuke
High yield, large area explosion

Nuke
Very high yield, huge explosion

Death Head
Massive, deadly explosion

Small Spread
5 Small missiles in a single shot

Medium Spread
5 Medium missiles in a single shot

Large Spread
5 Large missiles in a single shot

Super Spread
4 Small Nukes in a single shot

Death Spread
3 Nukes in a single shot

Armageddon
3 Death Heads in a single shot

Chain Missile
Fires a volly of three small missiles

Chain Gun
Fires a volly of five small missiles

Jack Hammer
Fires a volly of eight small missiles

Shaped Charge
High yield horizontal explosion. All of the energy is focused out to the sides, increasing the damage done but reducing the overall area of the explosion.

Wide Boy
Devastating horizontal explosion. All of the energy is focused out to the sides, increasing the damage done but reducing the overall area of the explosion.

Cutter
Horizontal explosion that will obliterate anything that gets in the way. All of the energy is focused out to the sides, increasing the damage done but reducing the overall area of the explosion in comparison to a similar sized uncontrolled blast.

Small Roller
Medium explosive which rolls downhill until it hits something

Large Roller
Large explosive which rolls downhill until it hits something

Death Roller
Huge explosive which rolls downhill until it hits something

Small MIRV
Drops a group of large missiles on the ground from above

Armour Piercing
A small, powerful shell that knocks out tanks

Cluster Bomb
Scatters medium yield bomblets on impact

Super Cluster
Scatters high yield bomblets on impact

Funky Bomb
Unpredictable and highly destructive

Funky Death
Unpredictable and extremely destructive

Funky Bomblet
Medium yield explosive warhead

Funky Deathlet
High yield explosive warhead

Bomblet
Medium yield explosive warhead

Super Bomblet
High yield explosive warhead

Burrower
Burrows back up to the surface before exploding, good against buried tanks. The Burrower is designed for below-ground use and suffers from high air-resistance.

Penetrator
Penetrates below ground before rising to the surface. The Penetrator will either explode on exit from the ground or on contact with buried objects. This missile is designed for burrowing and as a result suffers from high air-resistance.

Small Napalm Bomb
Scatters small quantities of intensely burning napalm on impact

Medium Napalm Bomb
Scatters intensely burning napalm on impact

Large Napalm Bomb
Covers the surrounding area with intensely burning napalm on impact

Napalm Jelly
Intensely burning chemical jelly

Driller
Vertical explosion that will do little damage, but create a deep hole in the ground.

Tremor
Produce a small earthquake on impact

Shock Wave
Produce a large earthquake on impact

Tectonic Shift
Produce a huge earthquake on impact

Riot Bomb
Destroy a small volume of dirt without damaging anything else

Heavy Riot Bomb
Destroy a large volume of dirt without damaging anything else

Riot Charge
Cuts through a cone of dirt directly in front of the gun

Riot Blast
Cuts through a large cone of dirt directly in front of the gun

Dirt Ball
Produce a small sphere of material to bury your opponents

Large Dirt Ball
Produce a large sphere of material to bury your opponents

Super Dirt Ball
Produce a huge ball of material to bury your opponents

Small Dirt Spread
Drop little piles of dirt on your enemies

Cluster MIRV
Releases a cluster of small missiles on its way down

Per Cent Bomb
Destroys half of the target's armour

Reducer
Lowers the explosive power of an enemy's missiles.

Small Laser
A 50kW laser beam.

Medium Laser
A 100kW laser beam

Large Laser
A powerful 200kW laser beam

*NATURALS*
Small Meteor
A small chunk of rock from the skies

Medium Meteor
A medium chunk of rock from the skies

Large Meteor
A large chunk of rock from the skies

Small Lightning Bolt
A weak bolt of lightning.

Medium Lightning Bolt
A bolt of lightning

Large Lightning Bolt
A powerful bolt of lightning

*ITEMS*
Teleport
Teleports the tank to a random location

Swapper
Swap places with another tank

Mass Teleport
Teleports all tanks on the screen

Fan
Change the wind strength and direction

Vengeance
A small self-destruct or auto-destruct device, if you've got to go, why not take someone with you?

Dying Wrath
A large self/auto-destruct device. Mutually Assured Destruction.

Fatal Fury
End it all in style

Light Shield
A small amount of protection from damage

Medium Shield
Protects against  damage

Heavy Shield
A large amount of protection from damage

Light Repulsor Shield
Lightly repels enemy missiles

Medium Repulsor Shield
Repels enemy missiles

Heavy Repulsor Shield
Strongly repels enemy missiles

Armour Plating
Permanently add a small increase to the damage your tanks can take. Each additional purchase adds a slightly smaller amount to your tank's armour.

Plasteel Plating
Permanently increase the damage your tanks can take. Each additional purchase adds a slightly smaller amount to your tank's armour.

Intensity Amplifier
A small permanent increase to the damage done by your weapons. The efficiency decreases and therefore each additional purchase has a reduced affect.

Violent Force
Permanently increase the damage done by your weapons. The efficiency decreases and as a result each additional purchase provides a smaller increase.

Slick Projectiles
A Teflon coating for projectiles to reduce drag and the affect of the wind

Dimpled Projectiles
Small dimples in the skin of projectiles for massive reduction in drag

Parachute
Allows the tank to float gently to the ground

Auto-repair kit
Repairs the tank a little each turn. Each additional kit provides a slightly smaller increase to your armour.

Fuel
Allows the tank to move across level terran.

Rocket
Launches the tank into the air.

SDI Missile Defense
Offers some protection against incoming missiles.

